This submod adds a lot of miscellaneous additions to RimVore-2, most of which are configurable.

	A new vore goal - Drain, which saps the prey's energy to feed the pred.
			  It's perfectly safe, but recovering takes a while, and they'll likely pass out once released.

	A new designation - Devour. Used in conjuction with the Predation trainable below, to give your animals the go-ahead that this raider's lunch.

	Animals get 3 new trainables- 
		Playful predation - 2 steps, low difficulty, no trainability required, no size requirements
			Allows the animal to engage in vore on their own. They request to eat colonists, and just eat animals, with, by default, endo goals only.
			Disabling active training also disables their ability to play pred, allowing you to simply turn it on and off.

		Predation - 3 steps, moderate difficulty, intermediate trainability required, 0.45 size and greater
			Allows the animal to vore those you designate to devour. The designation's in the orders tab, and be used on downed hostiles or wildlife/factionless.
			Can be used to help clean up after a raid, or to heal-vore and capture raiders.

		Endo-rescue - 4 steps, moderatly high difficulty, intermediate trainability required, 0.45 size and greater
			Allows the animal to heal-vore downed colonists and visitors.
			Gives animals without advanced training a way to save lives, and can even be a carry/failsafe when going solo.
	
	These trainables won't do much if the animal can't engage in the proper vore goals (notably, Heal).
	The mod Xenobionic Patcher can allow you to install vore enablers in your animals, among other things.
		https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1911273785
	
	

	Here's each setting catagory, and what each setting does, in detail...

	Encumbrance -
		This submod replaces RV2's encumbrance system with one that takes into account relative sizes of predator and prey.

		Size-based encumbrance scaling - Toggles encumbering predators by total size of prey or by total count. Prey-of-prey are included in both counts.

		Encumbrance multiplier - Sets how heavy prey are. Setting to 0% effectivly disables all encumbrance.

		Encumbrance limit - The maximum severity of the "weighed down" hediff. Can be used to prevent total incapacitation or to temporaraly free preds who gulp more than they can chew.

		Visible "Weighed down" hediff - The "weighed down" hediff that applies the movement reduction can be made invisible, saving space in the health tab.
						It will still affect pawns, and can always be seen by hoving over their Moving capacity in their health tab.
						This just cleans up the health tab a bit - it can get crowded, in the mid-endgame.

		Due to how the encumbrance scaling works, disabling size-based encumbrance scaling will not revert to RimVore-2's methods for encumbrance, instead using a method that aproximates it.
		This can cause problems if, for instance, a pawn of yours has 15 muffalo stored in their stomach. RV2 only counts the first 4; this submod counts them all, and that duck you fed to muffalo 4.
		To revert, set encumbrance multiplier to 0% and remove Patches/Patch_Hediffs_Vore_CapmodRemoval.xml from this submod's Common folder(RV2_Misc/Common/Patches/Patch_Hediffs_Vore_CapmodRemoval.xml).

	Acclimation - 
		Capacity acclimation - How quickly predators gain maximum vore capacity when pushed to their limit. Is a gradual gain, slowing as the pred gets more room.

		Capacity acclimation limit - How full, percentage wise, a predator needs to be to gain more vore capacity. Can be set to 1% for constant, slow gains.

		Moving acclimation - How quickly predators lose movement penalties from holding too-heavy prey. Is gradual, and somewhat abrupt due to movement reductions being handled by hediff stages.

		Moving acclimation limit - How severe, percentage wise, the weighed down hediff needs to be to start losing movement penalties. Again, setting to 1% allows for constant, slow improvement.

	Endo Stuff -
		Endo sickness strength - "Endo sickness" is a mostly-harmless hediff that makes pawns loopy, but comfortably numb.
					 It helps keep prey in a good mood and heightens healing and immunity speed, while nerfing endo storage indirectly and adding a bit of fun mental imagery.
					 Every vore-tick (250 game ticks (about 3 seconds real time)), it will advance in severity for any prey that has been endo-vored.

		Endo pacification - When endo sickness reaches 95% severity, pawns can no longer struggle. Hostile pawns are also made prisoners, and hostile animals are rendered factionless.

		Age regression strength - Lets pawns regress in age while safely contained within a womb. Pawns lose age every vore-tick, with the setting being "every day, lose X days of age".
					  Pawns won't revert past their biological adulthood; 18 years for humans, though nearly every species and race are adults at different ages.

		Chronic regression - Age-regressing pawns can be cured of chronic conditions, like a bad back or even carcinomas. Asthma, much like in real life, dosn't care.
				     The odds are -very- low, as this functions essentaly as a free Healer Mech Serum. The odds rise as they get younger, and they need to be young enough before it can happen at all.

		Relationship thoughts - Positive mood boosts for endophilicly holding lovers, bonded animals, or voraphilic pets. Occurs for both predator and prey, and caps at +5 for each (potentaly +15 total).

		Endo pets - Gives a predator and prey a special opinion-boosting relationship if they spend the set amount of days together in a single vore stage. Best(or rather, only) done with storage vore.
			    Prey can only have their one pred, but preds can have multiple prey. They will be upset if something happens to their endo frendo.

		Pets join - If a prey becomes a pet, they'll join your faction. Remember; vore is overpowered. Please show some restraint. Some, you don't have to show much.

	Lovin' - 
		Voraphile 3-ways - Gives some recreational need and a positive mood boost to prey contained within lovers while they're doing their thing.

		Gut lovin' chance - Predators and prey that are romanticaly involved can opt to do some gut lovin' while resting. 
				    The exact odds are based on age and quirks, with this setting being both a final multiplier and a hours-on-average modifier.
				    Gut lovin' shares the normal cooldown that lovin' has, and some preds or prey consider it a turn-off.

		Sapient creatures allowed - Lets anthing that can give informed consent get and give gut lovin'.
					    You'll need a mod like Sentient Animals or PawnMorpher for this to do anything.

		One-nom-stands - Allows predators without a lover to gut love prey.

		Allow non-con - Allows for psycopathic or low opinion predators to gut love prey that don't want it.
			        Will absolutly destroy relationships.

	Living meals -

		Fodder chance - The odds that a colonist will decide to try to vore a prisoner marked as fodder, rather than getting normal food.
				There's a little more to the odds than just that, such as distance, goal preference, relative sizes and if no regular food is available... 
				... but at 100% colonists will almost always head to the prison for a meal.
				This will dramaticaly increase the amount of auto-vore happening, for better or worse.

		Named animals can fodder - Allows animals with a name to also eat fodder prisoners.
					   Any animal can be named through their Training tab, and bonded animals are named automaticaly.
					   Note that animals cannot be "unnamed".

		Colony predators can fodder - Allows any animal in your colony that is a natural predator to eat fodder prisoners.

		Colony animals can fodder - Allows any animal in your colony, period, to eat fodder prisoners.

		Colony animals can fodder non-prisoners - Allows colony animals to eat non-prisoners as fodder. Does nothing if the options below it are disabled.

		All auto-fodder options below have a base 50% chance to fail.
		
		Misc. fodder chance - The odds a non-prisoner will be chosen as fodder. Does nothing if the options below it are disabled.

		Pen animals are fodder - Allows for any colony animal that is blocked by fencing to be fodder. Named animals and the last 4 of any species (2 males, 2 females) are always exempt.

		Colony animals are fodder - Allows for any colony animal that is not a natural predator or is small to be fodder. Named animals and the last 4 of any species (2 males, 2 females) are always exempt.

		Colony predators are fodder - Allows for any colony animal that is a natural predator to be fodder. Named animals and the last 4 of any species (2 males, 2 females) are always exempt.

		Colony guests are fodder - Allows for guests of the colony to be fodder. Opinion influences the odds of being chosen, with low opinion giving higher chances. Will cause problems.

		Colonists are fodder - Allows for your colonists to be fodder. Opinion influences the odds of being chosen, with low opinion giving higher chances. Will cause !!fun!!.

	Capturing -
		Endo capture - Hostiles that are in pain-shock or unconsious are captured if endo-vored. Works best with healing vore.

		Capture insectoids - Hostile insects, like those spawned as infestation events, are removed from their faction if endo-captured, allowing you to tame them once released.

		Scaria cure - Manhunting animals infected with scaria are cured when heal-vored, allowing you to tame them.

		Endo recruitment - Slowly lowers prisoner resistance when they are willingly endo'ed. Requires the prisoner to be set to "reduce resistance" or "recruit". Due to how RV2's proposals work, you'll need to turn off forcing prisoner proposals.
				   Does not affect the unwavering.


		Your colony animals trained in predation will endo-capture if they can heal-vore, and cannot fatal-vore. This can be set up with their designations in the vore widget.
		The designation will give specific warnings if your mod settings prevent it from working.


		Devour-designate friendlies - Lets the Devour designator work on downed friendlies. These interactions are forced. Can cause problems.
					      Animals will still heal if they can't fatal vore, so this could be used to prioritize a form of endo-rescue.

		Devour-designate colonists - Lets the Devour designator work on downed colony members. Will cause problems.
					     Animals will still heal if they can't fatal vore, so this could be used to prioritize a form of endo-rescue.

		Devour-designate non-downed colonists - Lets the Devour designator work on colony members, at all times. Will cause !!fun!!.
						        Animals will use random endo goals if fatal's disabled and the prey's not hurt.
                                                        Mostly a joke option, but could be used to quickly remove pawns from dangerous situations.

	Animal Vore -
		Opportunistic healing - Allows your animals trained in Endo-Rescue to heal-vore badly wounded patients, clearing out beds and getting them back on their feet faster.
				 	They'll wait for a doctor to properly tend to their wounds first, unless they're about to bleed out.

		Playful predation average hours - The hours-on-average an animal trained in playful predation will engage in vore. 24 means they will, for every 24 hours idle, do one nom.
						  Note that this only counts time idle and awake. Animals following a master, forming a caravan or otherwise busy won't play-pred while doing so.

		Playful predation modifier - A percentage on the hours-on-average, multiplied by the number of prey the animal has, added to their average hours.
					     Lowers how often an animal will play-pred if they have multiple prey already.
					     (eg: if average hours is 24 and mod is 50%; with 0 prey, 24 hours on average, with 1 prey, 36 hours on average, 2, 48 hours, ect.)

		Playful preyism - Allows animals trained in Playful Predation to request to be prey as well.

		Playful predation colonist chance - The odds that a (humanoid)colonist will be a valid target for play-predding. Odds are for each colonist in range, individualy.
						    (eg: 2 colonists in range when the check is made; if set to 50%, they both have a 1/2 chance to be a potential play-pred target.)
						    At 0%, the only animals that should request vore to your colonists should be Voraphile Bonds.

		Indescriminate predation - Animals are only allowed to play-pred members of your colony. This option allows them to nom anyone and anything.
					   Can lead to problems, like traders getting stuck on the map due to a endo-napped pawn or wild animals tearing down your doors because they got dumped out in the workshop.

		Not-so-playful predation - Play predding is endo only. This option disables that. Can and will lead to problems.

	Bonds -
		Bonding is a base game mechanic, occuring rarly when animals and humanoids interact, or when an animal is near their master.
		It's the "easyist" way to tame a thrumbo; down it, then rescue. Every tended wound has a (1 in 250) chance to instantly bond and tame.
		Bonds provide a permanent mood boost and easier training, but both animal and master get upset if something happens to the other.

		Endo bond chance - The chance, per vore-tick, for an animal and a humanoid involved in endo-vore to form a bond. Works on wild animals, and will tame them.
				   Only animals that can at least be trained to Guard can bond.
				   Bonds can't be removed by vanilla means, even by death, and bonded animals can go manhunter if their bond dies.

		Predator bonding - Endo bonding will only work if the animal is prey, unless this setting is true.
				   Can lead to most of your animals bonded with Play-Predding, which can make things awkward.

		Dom-bonding - Endo bonding will only work for non-forced vore, unless this setting is true.

		Voraphile bonds - Makes bonded animals choose their bond for play predding more often, and makes bonds always accept vore proposals.

	Wildlife Proposals -
		These options can affect performance, and add quite a bit of chaos.

		Wild proposal rate - How often, compared to average colonist proposal cooldowns, wild animals will propose vore to eachother.
				     High values will cause the game to have to keep track of more proposals and voreRecords, and may affect performance.

		Wild predators propose vore - Allows wild predators to propose vore as a predator to prey animals.

		Wild predators are switches - Allows wild predators to propose as prey.
					      Is a little silly when a wolf decides to get long-endo'd by an elk.

		Wild prey propose as prey - Lets wild non-predators propose to predator animals, as prey.
					    As animals normaly don't have any quirks beyond enablers, what goals they use are entirely random.
					    Is kinda cute when a hare asks a fox if it can live in it's womb.

		Propose as prey to colonists - Allows wild animals to propose as prey to your colonists and animals.
					       Is very silly when a wild girros vanishes from your pen and now one of your devil sheep has a belly pet. 

		Propose as pred to colonists - Allows wild animals to propose as predator to your colonists and animals.
					       It's a proposal, so they can say no. Will make things very chaotic. 

		Total vore limit - How much active vore can be going on before begining to cut off wild proposals.
				   This isn't a hard limit, rather an exponental decrease in proposal odds after the limit's been reached.
				   Setting proposal rate high and this low can allow for some background vore happening if nothing's happening in your colony.

	Cheaty stuff - 
		Passive opinions - Lets preds and prey gain small opinion-boosting thoughts of eachother over time. Caps out at +20 for prey/pred sluts, +5 if they're not into it, and +10 otherwise.

		Prey recreation - Prey passivly gain recreation need while vored, as long as they don't have one of the negitive prey quirks.
      				  They build up to 50% if willing, and 25% otherwise.

		No bleed out - Caps the Bloodloss hediff to 90%. Prey can still be killed by it indirectly, due to it lowering consciousness. Great for healing vore.

		Staunch bleeding - Lowers the bleeding rate of a prey's wounds gradualy while endo-vored. Does not tend wounds. Great for non-lethal vore grapples.

		No extreme temps - Caps both the heat stroke and hypothermia hediffs to 30%. Any stronger, and they start affecting consciousness, and inficting frostbite.

		Curaga Vore - Nearly triples the effectiveness of healing vore. Note that healing vore still won't tend wounds or infection nearly as well as a good doctor with decent medicine... 
			      ... but combo'ing tending with healing vore works great, makes a good option for early game tending, and gives those fighting infection while heal-vore'd much better odds.